Your Majesty, leaving you alone is a supreme grudge
Did you do something disrespectful?
Don't worry, father
He looked the whole time.
No disrespect
OK
Her Majesty is now a minister and empress
Those who are ministers should have a heart of awe
The appropriate distance should be maintained
My father came from your age
The allure of this majesty is clearly maintained
But you can't have what you shouldn't have.
Otherwise, don't say you are alone
Even the entire empire is doomed to die
Good to know
By the way, you did a great job counterattacking this time
My father is also very relieved
But
The backlog of generals and the emperor of pit kings
The means are too hasty
I'm afraid it will never end.
Father
Do you think that Wang Zhong played and sweated repeatedly in the dynasty?
He's the only one behind it.
My Dingguo Kung Fu has long been immortal
Are you saying that behind Wang Zhong is his mother, the king?
From Haier to Wucheng pit
The fight has already begun
The ministers of the DPRK and China are all wives and children
Take over His Majesty's Qixian Zhao
It's impossible for them not to know this.
Grandpa is sitting in the virus
How many want to kill grandpa?
But starting from Linjiang City
Negotiations for children
Negotiations on Dingguo Kung Fu one after another
Except for a few political histories
The rest are all
Why was Prince Ke Rong so blatant?
And the answer is quite simple.
Use Dingguo Kung Fu to force courtiers to fight
Threatening imperial power
Father's disturbance
Long retired
The king is far from the court
It's a good thing for us.
If you still want to take this errand
Then Prince Rong will definitely order the Heng family secretly
But if the king goes to Guanzhong
Then Prince Rong will definitely not sit idly by
Zhao Lie will be smooth
Does your grandfather know about this?
Grandpa asked Father to give him some silver taels
What the hell?
Okay, I'll send someone to deliver it right away
This is about the whole ordering process
You take charge
Thank you father
Master, are you back?
This is a letter sent by Miss Song
Please be sure to deliver it to you, sir.
You tell him
At the place where we first met
Be there or be square
Young master or hey
Why is that old slave going to run a carriage and carry a carriage?
Master, aren't you going to the appointment?
Played with his dad
It's getting dark and I'm not going to sleep to go to the appointment.
I have a problem with my brain
Don't give up and feed it to the dog